docs: add more examples to flat config ignores docs (#18020)
eslint/eslint: docs/src/use/configure/ignore.md

];
```

> Note that a pattern like `build/**` matches directory `build` and its contents, whereas `build/**/*` matches only its contents. Therefore, if you want to ignore the entire contents of a directory except for some parts, the latter pattern may be more practical. For example, this config ignores all contents of a `build` directory except for `build/test.js`:

Reviewer: I had to read this a few times to understand what it was saying, so maybe a bit of clarification is needed:

```suggestion
If you'd like to ignore a directory except for specific files or subdirectories, then the ignore pattern `directory/**/*` must be used instead of `directory/**`. The pattern `directory/**` ignores the entire directory and its contents, so traversal will skip over the directory completely and you cannot unignore anything inside.

For example,  `build/**` ignores directory `build` and its contents, whereas `build/**/*` ignores only its contents. If you'd like to ignore everything in the `build` directory except for `build/test.js`, you'd need to create a config like this::
```

```js
export default [
    {
        ignores: [
            "build/**/*",               // ignore all contents in and under `build/` directory but not the `build/` directory itself
            "!build/test.js"            // unignore `!build/test.js`
        ]
    }
];
```

> Patterns that end with `/` can match only directories. Patterns that don't end with `/` can match both files and directories. For example, this config ignores all files in and under `build` directory except for files named `test.js`:

Reviewer: This example is really difficult to follow. I don't think this paragraph properly introduces what is happening in the config below. Can you make this more explicit?

Author: I've now pushed a new version with more details about the example.
